How can I talk to Mr. Lu?
Mr. Lu, what are you doing?
He's just garbage.
shut up
Mr. Lu is my guest
How dare you disrespect Mr. Lu
Mr. Lu, forgive me
Liu was not well received
How could he?
All of you apologize to Mr. Lu immediately
Mr. Lu's personality
As expected of a guard
An apology is a mage
Then I'm destroyed.
Wait for the aristocratic family to go to the grave to apologize
Stop pretending
I know your Lu family best
I've been with you for five years
Your whole family is country old
I can't even afford a mixed house
You scammer
Lied to Liu Zhen, right?
Boy, I advise you to do it yourself
If it weren't for Liu Zhenshou
You are not qualified to participate in this Yellow Dragon Feast at all
Even if your identity is not complete
Do you want to be the enemy of our Jiangcheng family?
Is wrong my enemy
You are not qualified
Haha, you really know how to pretend. Come here.
I have something to say.
What are you?
You really think of yourself as a character, don't you?
I originally promised to invite you to watch the play
Don't worry, then I'll keep my promise
Listen to me
Don't talk about me not giving you a chance
All of you.
Including Sun Xiong
Who crippled him today?
I will spare anyone
Hahahaha